[DE] Mark `Client/Beatmap_editor/Menu` as needing native review (#7177)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Menu/de.md

---
no_native_review: true
---

> <!-- TODO: This article should use the informal form. Furthermore, there are also some untranslated sentences and grammar mistakes. -->

Reviewer: ... informal? the english version seems to use "you" a lot, but is otherwise not "informal" (and shouldn't be)

Reviewer 2: in German we have both a formal and informal version for you (`Sie` vs. `Du`). Generally the German articles use `Du`, which is a more personal and friendly form, while `Sie`, which this article is using, is a polite and formal form used in like letters and such.

I suggest the TODO should specify it's about the informal form of "you".

Reviewer: let's reword this a bit so no one else gets confused

```suggestion
<!-- TODO: This article should use the singular form of "you" (`Du` instead of `Sie`), unless the English version gets rewritten to have no pronouns. Furthermore, there are also some untranslated sentences and grammar mistakes. -->
```
